{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh10000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Here are a list of fixes that need to be done:\
\
\'97 Change the color palette to Netflix style mood board\
\'97 The title should be \'93Visual Memory Search Yantra\'94\
\'97 Provide for upload of individual files browse or drag drop along with folder at the same Eye level.\
\'97 Currently a lot of screen space is taken by the file upload browse UI element.\
\'97 As soon as images are uploaded or a folder of images are selected, the extraction should run and results displayed in the UI. Don\'92t need to first \'91search\'92.\
\'97 Show a progress bar for file uploads as well as for extraction progress, so that the user is sufficiently informed.\
\'97 Once the extraction results are shown only then enable search wthin results.\
\'97 Create a more appealing App icon for this app and brand the app with it.\
\'97 Yantra means a machine and The app is a machine that does Visual Memory search.\
\'97 Extracted text shouldn\'92t be called OCR!!!\
\'97 Make the UI/UX intuitive and easy to use. User should be easily use the application without much instruction\
\
\'97 Just display the results of the extraction. Don\'92t have to show the Search bar, button and search results before the extraction results\
\'97 The numbering of the images is clashing with the images.\
\'97 The extracted text is not completely visible. UX should be more user friendly for reading the extracted text.\
\'97 Visual Description should be at the top of the card as title.\
\'97 More context should be provided for confidence scores.\
\'97 Evaluation Results are not shown as per the evaluation rubric\
\
\
\'97 Every upload or folder process should start a new session. Previous uploaded images should be removed from the app and not be a part of the extraction.\
\'97 The visual description should \'91describe\'92 what is in the image, the summary of what the \'91image\'92 is. Currently it is describing the colors and styling\
\
\'97 Visual Analysis section description should be updated with the new instructions\
\'97 Remove Claude AI from Text Extraction section. Just say AI\
\'97 Create one UI/UX element for browse/upload images. \
\'97 If a user selects a folder instead of images it should process ALL images in that folder. Also display the folder path that was selected.\
\'97 Ensure only images should be allowed to be uploaded.\
\'97 Restrict the size of images to 1 MB\
\'97 Provide appropriate guidance if no images are found or if any images are above the size restriction in a UI element.\
\'97 write a complete test suite and test cases to test the backend and front end.\
\'97 Only deploy if all tests run successfully.\
\'97 Create a separate test dashboard which shows the tests and its results pass/fail etc.\
\'97 Provide metrics on testing progress.\
\'97 Test Dashboard should be a separate web app that can be launched from the main application\
\
\'97 Show the uploaded images in a carousel. The results should be shown as a flip card when hovering or clicking on the image. \
\'97 Ensure the extraction card is well designed for ease of reading ad scrollable. Visual Description as title and extracted text as detail.\
\'97 Some images are not being displayed in the UI.\
\'97 Search button should be shown as a magnifier glass and when clicked should be able to provide for the search text.\
\'97 The results of the search should be shown as a carousel too\
\'97 Provide an ability to switch between full results and search results.\
\
\'97 Analyzing visual memories with Claude AI... should be replaced with Analyzing visual memories....    \
\'97 Visual Description is cutoff in the card\
\'97 User should be able to see the image in original size using a UI element. Maybe a pop up?\
\'97 Evaluation Rubric is not shown. Should be shown as an expander when we click on quality on the card.\
\'97 Also show the detailed evaluation in the expander\
\'97 The search button and related UI element is taking too much space. Should not be front and center, but discreet but allow the user to easily search within the results\
}